Migration writing pass 4 (#2088)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.16/migration-guides/17115_Optimize_Entitiesentity_does_not_exist_error_details_messa.md

> `EntityFetchError` enum has been renamed to `EntityMutableFetchError`, and its `NoSuchEntity` variant has been renamed to `EntityDoesNotExist`. Furthermore, the `EntityDoesNotExist` variant now contains a `EntityDoesNotExist` type, which provides further details on the entity that does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EntityFetchError` enum has been renamed to `EntityMutableFetchError`, and its `NoSuchEntity` variant has been renamed to `EntityDoesNotExist`. Furthermore, the `EntityDoesNotExist` variant now contains an `EntityDoesNotExistError` type, which provides further details on the entity that does not exist.
```
